TreeView: add the "getting started" article (#2591)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/TreeView/00 Getting Started with TreeView/10 Customize Node Appearance.md

> Use the [itemTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#itemTemplate) property to specify a template for all nodes, as done in this tutorial. If you need to add a template for a specific node, use the [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#template) node's property. It will override the global template. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [itemTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#itemTemplate) property to specify a template for all nodes as shown in this tutorial. If you want to add a template for a specific node, use the [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#template) node's property to override the global template. 
```

> You can use additional fields to customize node appearance. For example, you can enable the [expanded](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#expanded) field for those nodes that should be expanded on startup, as shown in the code below. Similarly, you can use the [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#template) field to specify a template for individual nodes.

Reviewer 2: From what I gather, I get that you mean the appearance of individual nodes, not all nodes at once.

```suggestion
You can use additional fields to customize a node's appearance. For example, you can enable the [expanded](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#expanded) field for those nodes that should be expanded on startup, as shown in the code below. Similarly, you can use the [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#template) field to specify a template for individual nodes.
```

> As an alternative to individual templates, you can set an [itemTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#itemTemplate) for all nodes. The following code demonstrates this use case:

Reviewer 2: Do individual templates override the common template set by the `itemTemplate` property?

> You can also use additional fields to customize node appearance. For example, you can enable the [expanded](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#expanded) field for those nodes that should be expanded on startup, as shown in the code below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use additional fields to customize node appearance. For example, you can enable the [expanded](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#expanded) field for those nodes that should be expanded on startup:
```

> To customize all nodes, specify the [itemTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#itemTemplate) property. If you need to customize individual nodes, specify the [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#template) and other [items[] properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/).

Reviewer 3: > If you need to customize individual nodes, specify the [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#template) and other [items[] properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/).

This is an article for beginners. We should explain how everything works from the standpoint of a reader who doesn't know anything about our product.

```suggestion
If your data objects contain additional fields, you can use them to customize node appearance. For example, you can enable the [expanded](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#expanded) field for those nodes that should be expanded on startup, as shown in the code below. Similarly, you can use the [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#template) field to specify a template for individual nodes.

As an alternative to individual templates, you can set an [itemTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#itemTemplate) for all nodes. The following code demonstrates this use case:
```

> If you use jQuery, you can apply a 3rd-party template engine. For details, see the [3rd-Party Template Engines](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Common/Templates/#3rd-Party_Template_Engines) article.

Reviewer 3: The userbase of 3rd-party template engines is infinitesimal.

```suggestion
```

> In this tutorial, we make specific nodes [expanded](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#expanded) and specify the **itemTemplate**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function(){
        $("#treeView").dxTreeView({ 
            // ...
            itemTemplate: function(item) {
                if (item.price) {
                    return `<div> ${item.name} ($${item.price}) </div>`;
                } else {
                    return `<div> ${item.name} </div>`;
                }
            },
        });

>     });

Reviewer 3: No illustration of the `expanded` property.

##### Angular

    <!-- tab: app.component.html -->
    <dx-tree-view ...
        itemTemplate="productTemplate"

>     >

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        itemTemplate="productTemplate">
```

        <div *dxTemplate="let product of 'productTemplate'">
            {{ product.price ? product.name + " $(" + product.price + ")" : product.name }}
        </div>
    </dx-tree-view>

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <DxTreeView ...
            item-template="product-template"

>         >

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
            item-template="product-template">
```

            <template #product-template="product">
                {{ product.data.price ? product.data.name + " ($" + product.data.price + ")" : product.data.name }}
            </template>
        </DxTreeView>
    </template>
    // ...

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import React from 'react';

    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import TreeView from 'devextreme-react/tree-view';
    import products from './products';

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    // ...
```

    function App() {

>         const itemTemplate = (item) => {

Reviewer 3: Wrap it in `useCallback` or declare it outside the `App` function to avoid re-renderings.

            if (item.price) {
                return `<div> ${item.name} ($${item.price}) </div>`;
            } else {
                return `<div> ${item.name} </div>`;
            }
        }

        return (
            <TreeView ...

>                 itemTemplate={itemTemplate}

Reviewer 3: React has `itemRender` instead of `itemTemplate`.
